<pre>
  W3P: 2
  Title: Media studies: privacy narration
  Status: pending
  Type: Research
  Created: 2023-03-01
</pre>

Background: privacy-centric narrations around web3 are full of controversies & biases generated not just by anti-privacy people but privacy experts. It impacts privacy storytelling that's still related to crime &/or "nothing to hide" communication. At the same time, the market lacks deeper research on privacy narrations & a system breakdown of all existing stereotypes & biases.

==Phases==
* Existing web3/crypto privacy narration research.
* Handbook for web3 privacy advocacy.

==Phase 1: Existing web3/crypto privacy narration research==
Delivery: research on industry narration around privacy from media coverage to professional opinions.

=Goal=
* to map down privacy storytelling within the industry 
* to cover privacy narration & web3/crypto within external agents 
* structure framing, biases, vocabulary - make a foundation for a re-framing

=Areas of interest=

=internal gaze=
* How media frame privacy.
* Differences within expert takes on privacy.
* Existing privacy-centric vocabulary.
* Privacy advocates comms directions.

=external gaze=
* How media & governments frame privacy. 
* What privacy biases exist.

**Approach** 
Traditional media studies approach that researches both quantitative & qualitative narrations around subject.

=Categorised=
* positive, negative, neutral framing filters (tonality)
* vocabulary segmentation 
* relations within framing (Tornado Cash + North Korean hackers)
* quantitative statistics 
* privacy agents map (roles, relation to industry, pro / anti status)
* text-based, visual content 

References: 
* COVID media studies: https://www.nature.com/articles/s41599-021-00900-z
* https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-19644-6

Note: these are academic approach, that isn't necessary needed here in its full form.

==Phase 2: Handbook for web3 privacy advocacy== 
Delivery: an actionable handbook for privacy advocacy.

=Details= 
Research will help to make an actionable handbook for privacy advocacy rooted in re-framing existing toxic storytelling. Moreover, it will give instruction & positive narrations to sceptics (like Aztec co-founder stating that people don't need privacy). Think of this as a "privacy brandbook".

=Goal=
* have a easy to execute document for various audiences to become privacy advocates 
* fact & stats accuracy helps to unify storytelling within multiple agents: media, experts, community 
* helps to raise awareness about state of privacy storytelling within industry & beyond

=Format= 
* GitHub wiki 
* PDF
